I try not to draw her now but its very hard because she's always in my mind and it's just not good because she probably has a boyfriend and I just don't wanna get heart broken again 


Do you ever look back on these memories?


STAY STRONG REMEMBER ONE THING  I LOVE YOU. I AM PROUD OF YOU.


Graduation was approaching and we were all excited, so me being giddy and complimenting others was just me being happy we were graduating. No one suspected anything. After graduation I went home, went to work the following days, had to leave and pack for Florida. I planned a party for my class and 
I was on YT just now, and it said "The Hardest Person in the World to Break Up With". So I watched it, and realized the person it was talking about was me. I was the first kind of person. 
She does the arms, and just happened to other girl.
I don't know if it counts as cheating, but I was starting to look at other women as potential girlfriends. I felt horrible, but I didn't have the heart to tell my girlfriend that because I know how upset/sad it would've made her. I know she'd never dream of being with another man, so I felt immense
When my family went to sleep it was just you and me. 
I met this girl and I almost instantaneously fell in love. We’ve slept together and spent many hours just in each others arms, but she’s not looking for a relationship. I told her yesterday that she’s the “exception” for me not wanting to get into another relationship. But she has no idea how far I
Ok so this actually started not that long ago. Me and one of my old time friends from primary randomly started texting each other (I believe it started when I looked through Instagram and tried searching some names I remembered and there she was). Now In primary school we pretty much had no connect

You got a Boyfriend? 


-And the men in my family havnt been supportive or there for me.
7 years later I dreamt about sitting in the couch with my family, you suddenly walking through a light and going towards me, then sitting beside me.


Your birthday is coming soon happy birthday in advance love.
I also started being apathetic towards her. I didn't go visit her as often. I didn't buy her small gifts which I didn't mind buying before (and I made more money than when we started dating). It wasn't even about the money, I didn't write her long love letters every now and then. I didn't go see he
I know this is gonna seem weird but it is true. I have a crush on a girl I see randomly once a day ( passing in the street to her apartment which is at most 15 seconds ) for more than two and a half years now. and the thing is it's pure, I get an enormous amount of joy just by seeing her favorite f
I also started being apathetic towards her. I didn't go visit her as often. I didn't buy her small gifts which I didn't mind buying before (and I made more money than when we started dating). It wasn't even about the money, I didn't write her long love letters every now and then. I didn't go see he
And she’s the only girl that I’ve ever felt love towards in a long time. The last relationship that I was in was with a girl who used my personality and kindness for granted, forcing me to hangout with her instead of my friends. 
And it’s been a little hard to trust a girl since her


And she’s the only girl that I’ve ever felt love towards in a long time. The last relationship that I was in was with a girl who used my personality and kindness for granted, forcing me to hangout with her instead of my friends. 
I heard it somewhere and this hit me so hard cause whenever i listen to any romantic song all i can think is of her only her




Dammit I hate when this happens 
I never thought that I would be able to be this close to ecstasy again, after living a hellish life for so long. I wasn’t able to spend much time with you, was I? I regret taking everything slowly now. I know you don’t love me like I do you. But even then, was it ever really the romantic kind of lo

This was last year in the sixth grade I feel better now but on weekends can’t sleep looking for her name in social media just to not end up depressed again





What do I do. I'm really sad :((

Goodbye Lena. I loved you.
