So I'm still in love with my very first gf and we broke up in 2014. She was the one I was going to marry and spend my life with but our paths went different ways. We are still friends and had a civil breakup but I can't get over her but she also lives states away now. I am dating another girl and m
I don't know if it counts as cheating, but I was starting to look at other women as potential girlfriends. I felt horrible, but I didn't have the heart to tell my girlfriend that because I know how upset/sad it would've made her. I know she'd never dream of being with another man, so I felt immense
I thought it was because I was staring creepily at someone .
We talked about some deep shit (like self harm and depression) and our struggles in life through messenger. He was the first one to bring out the topic and he felt so genuine. After that he kept checking up on me. And before I even knew it we were chatting daily and we got super close super fast. L
I'm sorry for the excuses, I really wanted to know more about you, I've got a few questions to ask you.
h poise i dont like a girl who was weeks again, after like writing your name on me with blade  (i know it was stupid but whag could i have done i was depressed. Please don't do what i did ) . Bae please be mine i love you i freaking have dreams of you me together leading a happy  married life. I do
And it’s been a little hard to trust a girl since her

I think I'm beginning to like this guy even more. I've dated girls before, but I haven't had a thing with guys. I guess I haven't just found out that I could feel this way too. I feel scared if I should tell that I like him, or wait for him to say that he likes me, or we can just wait for the momen
I dont really know if im an a-hole for liking her while shes dating someone, but at the same time love comes naturally.
You and me had that connection but maybe it was just a kids thing.
I thought it was because I was staring creepily at someone .
Obviously, I am scared... She then opened up her arms, I then went flying into hers. We hugged for a while, then she said: you okay, you're going to survive? The friend zone I mean?

The more I looked at her the more my heart started to beat .
I don't know if it's the loneliness or lack of intimacy. But I really like him and only him and I can't seem to stop thinking of him and getting excited when my phone buzzes of his message. 
I doubt she is on Reddit. She has no social media apps. But on the off chance she does see this, some how.

So I made the drawing and left it at that .


The last time I seen you was in my work a year ago, I served you with your friend, it was 10am.



The more I looked at her the more my heart started to beat .




She always confronted me about being apathetic, and I always said I'd change, but I only did for a bit and then go back to being apathetic and so the cycle went on. I was shitty to her the past couple months, and I knew she deserved better. 



I thought she was one of those girls that dont have any personality other than being pretty but I was wrong 



And I just can't stop thinking about her I really hate 
I dont wanna tell her this I just wanna grab my hearth and just stop it 



I don't know if it counts as cheating, but I was starting to look at other women as potential girlfriends. I felt horrible, but I didn't have the heart to tell my girlfriend that because I know how upset/sad it would've made her. I know she'd never dream of being with another man, so I felt immense
I do not regret breaking it off back then. I just wish we would have known each other as adults. After we had matured past pettiness. It's been around 6 years since I've seen him.

Idk I really hate it 
 I could go on and on why she's so beautiful and looks like a model 

Maybe because I didnt have a proper job, maybe because I wasnt in the mood.
